Adding section for "Scratchpad" (#245)
exercism/docs: mentoring/choosing_a_solution.md

Can you answer their question?
Can you fulfill their hopes for this exercise?

The second tab is your "Scratchpad".
You can write code in it, so that you can reference it in your comment.

> It can help you to focus the student to few lines of code which are essential to your comment.

Reviewer: Maybe reword slightly?

```suggestion
It can help identify the code that is important when reviewing this exercise.
```

Author: Yes, that would be clearer.
